When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

    When I want to share my files or when there are more people who will contribute to them. 

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Because I want to decide when to share the information, when they are finished, ready to be shared, or at a particular point during the process. 

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

    Fork: create a copy of a repository in GitHub
        Copy a repository on GitHub created by someone else
    Clone: create a copy of a repository locally or online
        Copy a repository on the local machine from an online source
        Duplicate a repository on the local machine
    Branch: separate two lines of commits
        Make changes to files, for a separate project

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
    You keep track of the copy that you modified, without any changes introduced by others. 
    You can use this copy later to solve conflicts. 

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

    I would manually share the file, with emails, or a shared folder. Using different names for the different versions. 
    It would be difficult to keep track of all the chronological changes and merging the files will have to be done manually. 

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

    Changes in the master is more straight forward and quick. 
    Changes in a separate branch are made when you want someone else's approval before merging your code into the master branc (using the pull request). 
    The advantage is that someone reviews and approves the change into the master branch. 
    The disadvantage is that, before merging, if the master branch has been modified, you have to pull the changes, merge them in your new branch, resolve conflicts if present, then push the updated branch into GitHub, and then when the pull request is approved, the branch will be merged into the master. 